Extend information about native6 support on RTD (#1652)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/input.rst

At the moment, cmorize_obs supports Python and NCL scripts.

.. _cmorization_as_fix:

Cmorization as a fix
--------------------
As of early 2020, ESMValTool also provides (limited) support for data in their native format. In this case, the steps needed to reformat the data are executed as datasets fixes during the execution of an ESMValTool recipe, as one of the first preprocessor steps. Compared to the workflow described above, this has the advantage that the user does not need to store a duplicate (cmorized) copy of the data. Instead, the cmorization is performed 'on the fly' when running a recipe. ERA5 is the first dataset for which this 'cmorization on the fly' is supported.

> To use this functionality, users need to provide a path for the ``native6`` project data in their ``config-user.yml``. Then, in the recipe, they can refer to the native6 project. For an example recipe, see `recipe_era5.yml <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/blob/master/esmvaltool/recipes/cmorizers/recipe_era5.yml>`_. This recipe reads native, hourly ERA5 data, performs a daily aggregation preprocessor, and then calls a diagnostic that renames the data to the standard OBS6 format. The output are thus daily, cmorized ERA5 data, and in that sense, it just replaces the cmorizer script. However, you can also use the native data directly in your recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this functionality, users need to provide a path for the ``native6`` project data in the configuration file, see for example ``config-user-example.yml``. Then, in the recipe, they can refer to the native6 project. For an example recipe, see `recipe_era5.yml <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/blob/master/esmvaltool/recipes/cmorizers/recipe_era5.yml>`_. This recipe reads native, hourly ERA5 data, performs a daily aggregation preprocessor, and then calls a diagnostic that renames the data to the standard OBS6 format. The output are thus daily, cmorized ERA5 data, and in that sense, it just replaces the cmorizer script. However, you can also use the native data directly in your recipe.
```

> 

Author: I modified the text here. Is it more clear now?

+------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------+-----------------+
| Eppley-VGPM-MODIS            | intpp (Omon)                                                                                         |   2  | Python          |
+------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------+-----------------+

> | ERA5                         | clt, evspsbl, evspsblpot, mrro, pr, prsn, ps, psl, ptype, rls, rlds, rsds, rsdt, rss, uas, vas, tas, |   3  | ESMValTool      |

Reviewer: If **Python** doesn't make sense for 'CMORization on the fly', we can just leave it empty. However, we provide a diagnostic i.e. era5.py which is in Python. Also, we can add * next to the dataset name e.g. ERA5* and explain in the header of this table that the dataset is supported by "CMORization on the fly".
